Thesis/README.md, before:

# Thesis

## Project Overview
This folder contains my thesis work, with classification and segmentation sub-folders.

## 📂 Classification

| Notebook Name | Description | Link |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Classification Custom CNNs** | Training custom CNN models for classification. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Classification/Classification_Custom_CNNs.ipynb) |
| **Classification Segmented Lungs Custom CNN** | Training custom CNN models for classification on segmented lung images | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Classification/Classification_Segmented_Lungs_Custom_CNN.ipynb) |

## 📂 Segmentation

| Notebook Name | Description | Link |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |



---
*Note: If a notebook fails to render on GitHub, please use the "Open in Colab" badges above to view and run the code directly.*

Commit message:

READ ME now includes all the notebooks and the google sheet log

Thesis/README.md, after:

# Thesis

## Overview
This folder contains my thesis work, with classification and segmentation sub-folders.

You can view the full log of my experiment runs, hyperparameters, and different metric scores in the google sheet below:

[![Experiment Results](https://img.shields.io/badge/Experiment_Results-Google_Sheets-34A853?logo=google-sheets&logoColor=white)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yfOcmW0lD8mNYdcBe97ekJ9IfUImScAMzi2XEnvoDVU/edit?gid=405324248#gid=405324248)

*Note: If a notebook fails to render on GitHub, please use the "Open in Colab" badges in the link column to view and run the code directly.*

## 📂 Classification

| Notebook Name | Description | Link |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Classification Custom CNNs** | Training custom CNN models for classification. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Classification/Classification_Custom_CNNs.ipynb) |
| **Classification Segmented Lungs** | Training custom CNN models on segmented lung images. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Classification/Classification_Segmented_Lungs_Custom_CNN.ipynb) |
| **DenseNet169** | Transfer learning experiments using DenseNet169. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Classification/DenseNet169.ipynb) |
| **EfficientNet B3** | Transfer learning experiments using EfficientNet B3. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Classification/EfficientNet_B3.ipynb) |
| **ResNet50** | Transfer learning experiments using ResNet50. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Classification/ResNet50.ipynb) |
| **VGG 16** | Transfer learning experiments using VGG 16. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Classification/VGG_16.ipynb) |

## 📂 Segmentation

| Notebook Name | Description | Link |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Segmentation Custom CNN** | Custom CNN architecture for lung segmentation. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Segmentation/Segmentation_Custom_CNN.ipynb) |
| **Segmentation Inference** | Running inference and generating lung masks using trained models. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Segmentation/Segmentation_Inference.ipynb) |
| **Segmentation Unet Full** | Full implementation of U-Net for lung segmentation. | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Daudi232/DS_3/blob/main/Thesis/Segmentation/Segmentation_Unet_Full.ipynb) |

---
